Plotting-scripts
================

A series of python scripts to create matplotlib plots from the output of scripts/pylcio/*

# Information

####plot_b_c_efficiency_purity_threshold.py

#####Invocation:

```bash

./plot_b_c_efficiency_purity_threshold.py -i file_one file_two file_three ...

```

If the data in the files is generated by scripts/pylcio/pylcioPrintBCLikenesses.py (or a program with the same output) then you'll get an efficiency vs. purity plot with a line for each file.

#### plot_b_c_efficiency_purity_threshold_with_barrel_endcap_split.py

#####Invocation:

```bash

./plot_b_c_efficiency_purity_threshold_with_barrel_endcap_split.py -i file_one file_two file_three ...

```

If the data in the files is generated by scripts/pylcio/pylcioPrintBCLikenesses.py (or a program with the same output) then you'll get an efficiency vs. purity plot with two lines for each file. One for tracks with theta between 45 and 135 and the other for the rest of them.

This is so you can compare the endcap performance with the barrel.

####plot_d0_resolution_data_theta.py

#####Invocation:

```bash

./plot_d0_resolution_data_theta.py -i file_one file_two file_three ...

```

If the data in the files is the output of the second stage of scripts/pylcio/pylcioPrintTrackParamResolutionTheta.py then you'll get a plot showing the d0 resolution as a function of theta and a sample of the subplots used to get this one.

Note that the python pickle module eval()s things so running this script on arbitrary data could cause bad stuff to happen.


####plot_track_effieciencies_purities_theta.py

#####Invocation:

```bash

./plot_track_effieciencies_fake_rates_theta.py -i file_one file_two file_three ...

```
If the files were generated by scripts/pylcio/pylcioPrintTrackEfficienciesFakeRateTheta.py or a similar script you'll get a plot of the track fake rate, one of the track efficiency and one of the integrate fake rate all as a function of theta. Commented out is code to give the difference between the integrated rates as it requires there be exactly two input files named "sidloi3.\*" and "modified.\*".
